# Rocket_Elevators_Java_API

Welcome to Rocket Elevators Api Developed by Avinash Gopalakrshnan using Java.
Th following are the avalible end points!

Auth
Use this api to login. Please use your user name and password!
https://avinashrocketelevators.herokuapp.com/api/auth

Elevator
This api to get all elevators
https://avinashrocketelevators.herokuapp.com/elevator/allelevators
This api to get elevators by id
https://avinashrocketelevators.herokuapp.com/elevator/{id}


User
This api to get all users
https://avinashrocketelevators.herokuapp.com/user/alluser
This api to get user by id
https://avinashrocketelevators.herokuapp.com/user/{id}


Column
This api to get all columns
https://avinashrocketelevators.herokuapp.com/column/allcolumns
This api to get elevator of column by id
https://avinashrocketelevators.herokuapp.com/column/columnelevator/{id}
This api to get column by id
https://avinashrocketelevators.herokuapp.com/column/{id}


Building
This api to get all building
https://avinashrocketelevators.herokuapp.com/building/allbuilding
This api to get  battery of building by id
https://avinashrocketelevators.herokuapp.com/building/buildingbattery/{id}
This api to get building of the current user
https://avinashrocketelevators.herokuapp.com/building/currentuer
This api to get building by id
https://avinashrocketelevators.herokuapp.com/building/{id}


Battery
This api to get all batterys
https://avinashrocketelevators.herokuapp.com/battery/allbatterys
This api to get 
https://avinashrocketelevators.herokuapp.com/battery/batterycolumn/{id}
This api to get battery by id
https://avinashrocketelevators.herokuapp.com/battery/{id}


Customer
This api to get all customers
https://avinashrocketelevators.herokuapp.com/customer/allcustomers
This api to get current customer
https://avinashrocketelevators.herokuapp.com/customer/currentuser
This api to post customer
https://avinashrocketelevators.herokuapp.com/customer/post
This api to get customer by id
https://avinashrocketelevators.herokuapp.com/customer/{id}


Intervention
This api to get all interventions
https://avinashrocketelevators.herokuapp.com/intervention/allintervntions
This api to delete by id
https://avinashrocketelevators.herokuapp.com/intervention/delete/{id}
This api to create new interventions
https://avinashrocketelevators.herokuapp.com/intervention/post
This api to update interventions
https://avinashrocketelevators.herokuapp.com/intervention/put/{id}
This api to get intervention by id
https://avinashrocketelevators.herokuapp.com/intervention/{id}
